Homework
 
Goal
Create well-working, headless micro-lending app that satisfies both technical and business requirements.
 
Business requirements
o    Client can apply for loan by providing his personal data, amount and term
o    Loan application risk analysis is performed. Risk is considered too high if:
        the attempt to take loan is made after from 00:00 to 6:00 AM with max possible amount.
        reached max applications (e.g. 3) per day from a single IP.
o    Loan is issued if there are no risks associated with the application. If so, client receives a reference to newly created loan. However, if risk is surrounding the application, client receives "rejection" message.
o    Client should be able to extend a loan. Loan term gets extended for one week, interest gets increased by a factor of 1.5.
o    Client should be able to retrieve whole history of his loans, includi ng loan extensions.
 
Technical requirements
o    Backend in Java 6+, XML-less Spring, Hibernate.
o    RESTful API
o    Code is production-ready, covered with unit tests
o    Automated acceptance tests that exercises application using RESTful API
 
What gets evaluated
- Requirements
- Code quality (both production and test)
- Is API easy to use and according to RESTful architectural style
- How simple it is to run the application (embedded DB/embedded container)
 
You can send us (via email) a link to github, or a tar.gz/zip package, or put everything on your private server with sftp (or broken OpenSSL), or send us a snail mail with all the code printed on A4, or any other way you like it :)
 
One of the points of this homework is to find out what do you like,
 what kind of experience with such problems you have, 
 and how would you like to solve the problem (including sending us the solution).
  We want to understand how close or far you are from our own perspective, 
  what kind of stuff you can bring to our teams, 
  
  what kind of work you'd have to do, to fit right in, and whether you'll have problems 
  with the way we work (and our code), or will you feel just fine.
 
The deadline is 26.04.14. Will you manage ?
 
 
Dana Umblija
AS "4finance" | Group Recruitment Specialist
Lielirbes street 17a-8, Riga, LV-1046
Mob: +371 26632001 | Tel: +371 67439778 | Fax: +371 67439776
dana.umblija@4finance.com | www.4finance.com
Banner_for_signature
 
